docs: add `output_artifact_format`, `logging.retention` and `command` and small fixes (#2850)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/pipeline.en.md

<span class="parent-field">source.properties.</span><a id="source-properties-connection-name" href="#source-properties-connection-name" class="field">`connection_name`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  
The name of an existing CodeStar Connections connection. If omitted, Copilot will generate a connection for you.

<span class="parent-field">source.properties.</span><a id="source-properties-output-artifact-format" href="#source-properties-output-artifact-format" class="field">`output_artifact_format`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  
Optional. The output artifact format. Values can be either `CODEBUILD_CLONE_REF` or `CODE_ZIP`. If omitted, the default is `CODE_ZIP`.

!!! info

>     This property is not available for pipelines with GitHub V1 connection which uses the `access_token_secret`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This property is not available for pipelines with [GitHub version 1](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/latest/userguide/appendix-github-oauth.html) source actions, which use `access_token_secret`. 
```
